Raimondi/delimitMate start
Shougo/denite.nvim start
Shougo/deoplete.nvim start
SirVer/ultisnips opt
Valloric/MatchTagAlways start
Vimjas/vim-python-pep8-indent start
autozimu/LanguageClient-neovim start
kana/vim-textobj-user start
michaeljsmith/vim-indent-object start
neovimhaskell/haskell-vim start
purpleP/autouppercase start
purpleP/minimal_syntax start
purpleP/smartpairs start
purpleP/vim-colors-solarized start
tmux-plugins/vim-tmux-focus-events start
tommcdo/vim-exchange start
tpope/vim-abolish start
tpope/vim-commentary start
tpope/vim-fugitive start
tpope/vim-repeat start
tpope/vim-surround start
tpope/vim-unimpaired start
